Updating DefinedStateProcess (#1098)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/SupplyChain/Classes/DefinedStateProcess.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# DefinedStateProcess

## Summary

This process is used to determine the state of an affected Element.

## Description

This process is used to determine the state of an affected Element. 

> The DefinedStateProcess used to define a list of vaild state(s) of an affected Element.
> A DefinedStateProcess may describes the steps or conditions required to move an entity from one state to another. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DefinedStateProcess is used to define a list of valid states of an affected Element.

A DefinedStateProcess may describe the steps or conditions required to move an entity from one state to another.
```

Fix minor spelling/grammar. Also suggest to split paragraphs to have one core message per paragraph.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# DefinedStateProcess

## Summary

This process is used to determine the state of an affected Element.

## Description

This process is used to determine the state of an affected Element. 
The DefinedStateProcess is used to define a list of valid states of an affected Element.

A DefinedStateProcess may describe the steps or conditions required to move an entity from one state to another.

## Metadata

- name: DefinedStateProcess
- SubclassOf: UseProcess
- Instantiability: Concrete

## Properties

- vaildState
  - type: State
  - minCount: 1

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
